Add EIP: Transaction Gas Limit Cap (#9049)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7825.md

1. **DoS Attacks**: A single transaction consuming most or all of the block gas can result in uneven load distribution and impact network stability.  
2. **State Bloat Risks**: High-gas transactions often result in larger state changes, increasing the burden on nodes and exacerbating the Ethereum state growth problem.  
3. **Validation Overhead**: High-gas transactions can lead to longer block verification times, negatively impacting user experience and network decentralization.

By limiting individual transactions to a maximum of 30 million gas, we aim to:

- Reduce the risks of single-transaction DoS attacks.  
- Promote fairer gas allocation across transactions within a block.  
- Ensure better synchronization among nodes by mitigating extreme block validation times.

## Specification

### Gas Cap

- Enforce a protocol-level maximum of **30 million gas** for any single transaction.  
- This cap applies regardless of the block gas limit set by miners or validators.  
- Transactions specifying gas limits higher than 30 million gas will be rejected with an appropriate error code (e.g., `MAX_GAS_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`).  

### Changes to EVM Behavior

> 1. **Validation**: During transaction validation, if the `gasLimit` specified by the sender exceeds 30 million, the transaction is invalidated (not included in the txpool). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Txpool Validation**: During transaction validation, if the `gasLimit` specified by the sender exceeds 30 million, the transaction is invalidated (not included in the txpool). 
```

> 2. **Execution**: At the start of execution, if the transaction exceeds the cap, execution halts immediately, and the sender is refunded for unspent gas, and the block is deemed invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Block Validation**: As part of block validation before processing, any block having a transaction with `gasLimit` > 30 million is deemed invalid and rejected.
```

we don't need execution case because that is OOG case when the execution exceeds its gasLimit
